what's up this is stuff from stupid easy
paleo calm here to share with you my
number one tip for getting ready for
your whole 30 so we are starting our
rule 30 on Monday June 17th and that
means you have the whole weekend ahead
to get them ready so my number one tip
is to go through your kitchen your
pantry your cabinets your fridge and
clean it up so it's time to purge baby
you're gonna look for any food that is
on the naughty list right foods that
make us less healthy and you're gonna
want to get rid of it
I know there's probably a three year old
box of rice-a-roni behind all the stuff
there you gotta get rid of it it's not
gonna serve you any good purpose during
your whole 30 because we all know once
that food gets into your cart in your
kitchen into your fridge or pantry it's
so hard to not eat it right so let's
start with base camp and get everything
cleaned out now some of us live with
roommates or we have kids or significant
others or spouses that are not gonna
come on board with the whole 30 and I
totally get that
so my workaround for that is to give
yourself a shelf or a kitchen cabinet
and a shelf in the refrigerator that's
only for your food now it serves as kind
of a physical boundary right so you know
that you're only 1/8 food that's on that
shelf and you can give you know the
other members of your household some of
their own room but it's like that's your
territory if you need to give away some
of the food that you've cleaned out you
know think about donating to a soup
kitchen or maybe to a family member or
something or a friend but we really want
to make sure that you've got a nice
foundation to start with so you've got
the whole weekend ahead
your task right now is to plan a time
for this weekend when you're gonna do
your kitchen and pantry purge stay tuned
for video number two which is my second
most favorite tip for starting a whole
thirty and check us out on stupid
paleo calm thanks and I'll see you soon